What is our return and exchange policy?

    Product Quality issues:
    In the case of issues related to misprinting or damaged or defective items sent to the customer, it must be communicated to clictoprint within 2 days upon the delivery of the product. For items lost in shipment, claims, if any, must be communicated not later than 10 days after the estimated delivery date.

    Broken / Damaged products received:
    In the case of damaged products, like torn paper, dirtied paper, etc., all issues have to be raised within 2 days from the date of delivery of the product. In order to raise a replacement request, send us pictures of the damage along with the original packaging in which the product was received by the customer, showing the shipping label and the customer details on it clearly for verification.

    Rejection by Customer:
    Since the product is customized to customer requirement, any such return or rejection must be channeled through you. We do not refund for any modification in order for size or color and hence such modifications are to be offered at your expense and discretion. A new order, at your expense, needs to be placed for an updated modification if you choose to accept or offer exchanges to your end customers.

    Action on Returned Orders:
    Orders that are returned due to incorrect addresses or rejected by customers are marked as ‘Returned to origin’ (RTO) under the Manage Returns page in the merchant panel once it is received by clictoprint. clictoprint would store the returns for a period of 30 days from the date of the order being marked as RTO and the merchant can choose to Reship the order to himself or any other address within this period of 30 days, after which we would donate the order to charity. The merchant will not be allowed to take any action on the returned orders after this period.

    Cancellations
    Cancellations by the customer – In case we receive a cancellation notice and the order has not been processed by us, we shall cancel the order immediately and refund the entire amount back to the mode of payment used during print-now checkout. If we have already printed and shipped the product, we will not be able to approve the cancellation request. In such cases, the product follows the normal lifecycle process.

    Cancellation by clictoprint
    Under certain circumstances it might not be possible for us to accept an order and we may be compelled to cancel the same. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order for any reason at our sole discretion. Some situations that may result in your order being cancelled include limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may also ask for additional verification or information before accepting any order. We will contact you if all or any portion of your order is cancelled or if additional information is required to accept your order. If your order is cancelled after you are charged, the said amount will be reversed back to the mode of payment used during print-now checkout.

    Manner of Refund:
    If the order is cancelled and refund is approved, for any reason the refund is awarded in the form of Bank Credit. clictoprint will refund the said amount to the account details provided by the customer within the next 15 days. The customer agrees not to dispute the decision made by clictoprint and accept clictoprint’s decision regarding the cancellation.

What is our operating address?
We are headquartered at 42, KB Dasan Road, Chennai - 600 028.

How to contact us?
Emailing us at support@clictoprint.com would be the easiest way. We will also be available at +91-98400-15696.

Is there any deposit or subscription fees to use clictoprint?
No, there is no monthly fees or subscriptions. It’s a pay and use solution.

How can I create my account?
You don’t have to create an account to use clictoprint. Log on clictoprint.com and access the form, fill your contact information, upload the data you wish to print and submit the form. clictoprint will process your order and ship it to the address you have provided.

Can I order a sample before placing an order?
No, you cannot order samples. However, you can order for a volume as less as one copy first and on receipt and satisfaction, place a fresh order for the intended volume.

Layout & Design
How can I send the design files for printing?
You do not have to email us the design file for every order. You can upload the design as a PDF and our systems will print it.

Which formats are supported for artworks uploads?
You can upload only PDFs right now. Keep watching for this space as we increase our product line and formats.

How safe is my content / design?
Your content and designs are completely safe on our servers. Our processes are highly secure and automated with least manual intervention (like mail share, downloads, etc). clictoprint shields your data from being copied, duplicated, stored anywhere across its processes.

Can I design the artwork in clictoprint’s editor?
No, right now we do not have an editor available in the website. You can only upload the PDF-file and get a printout of the same.

Orders
How do I place an order?
Placing an order is really simple. After entering the website, you have to choose the PRINT-NOW section and provide information, choose specifications and upload the file / artwork. Confirm the details and click on the Pay-Now button to make the payment. Once you pay, the order is deemed active.

How fast can I get my shipment delivered to me?
We assure a 24-hour delivery for all orders within Chennai. For orders outside Chennai, we will fulfill the orders within 3-4 days.

How can I track an order?
Once the product is dispatched, the tracking ID of the respective courier company will be shared to you via SMS & Email. You can click on the provided link and track your order.


Shipping
Which courier companies do you use to ship the orders?
We ship all your orders through our delivery partners. They will deliver the shipment to you on our behalf within the committed timeline.

Which area of Tamil Nadu do you deliver to?
We can deliver to any Pin code that our couriers can service.

How can I know if a particular pin code is serviceable or not?
Our customer service team will contact you if in case your location of delivery is not serviceable. We will seek an alternate address to deliver, or an alternate method of delivery.

Are there any custom branding options available for my brand?
We don’t have any custom branding options as such. However you can add your brand’s logo to your artwork which will be printed as a part of your design.

Do you support international shipping?
No, right now we do not support shipping outside India.

How does customer return work?
If a defected or a misprinted product reaches the customer, we replace it at no additional charges. You just have to share the images to clictoprint@gmail.com within 2 days of receiving the package / shipment.

What if the package is lost in transit?
If the package is lost in transit, we will reprint all the products in that specific order and have it shipped once again.

Accounts and Billing
Is there COD option?
No, there is no COD option. You have to pay upfront and place the order.

What should I do if the shipping address is wrong or needs to be changed?
You can write to our help desk at clictoprint@gmail.com and if your shipment has not yet been dispatched, we can update the address. If your shipment has already been handed over for dispatch, then we cannot do anything. You have to place a fresh order or advise us to re-dispatch.

When and how do I pay?
Once you upload the artwork and specifications, you will be able to see the final amount displayed and Pay-Now button. The payment should be completed to confirm the order. Your shipment will be processed only after you make the payment.

Will I receive an invoice?
Yes, an invoice will be sent to your email after you make the payment. It will have a detailed break up of services availed.

Will I be charged a tax?
Yes, all applicable taxes will be charged to you while availing the services of clictoprint.
