It is our policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website.

Personal information
Before using certain parts of any clictoprint.com (“Clictoprint”) or ordering Products, you must complete an online registration form. During registration, you will be prompted to provide to us certain personal information, including but not limited to User’s (your/company) name, shipping and billing address, phone number, email address, and credit card / debit card / net banking / wallets / UPI info. In addition, we may also ask you for your/Customer’s country of residence and/or organization’s country of operation, so we can comply with applicable laws and regulations, and for your gender. These kinds of personal information are used for billing purposes, to fulfill orders, to communicate about order and Clictoprint, and for internal marketing purposes. If we encounter a problem when processing the order, your personal information may be used to contact you.

By registering at Clictoprint, you agree that all information provided in the registration data is true and accurate and that you will maintain and update this information as required in order to keep it current, complete, and accurate.

Clictoprint may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its Site. Clictoprint may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Clictoprint does not disclose personal information other than as described here.

If you are a registered user of a Clictoprint Site and have supplied your email address, Clictoprint may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, new Products, solicit your feedback. Clictoprint takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction personal information.

Disclosure of information
Clictoprint discloses personal information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that need to know that information in order to process it on Clictoprint’s behalf or to provide Services available at Clictoprint Site, and that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country.

Clictoprint will not rent or sell personal information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described here, Clictoprint discloses personal information only in response to court order or other governmental request, or when Clictoprint believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Clictoprint, third parties or the public at large.

Lost Consignments
Cictoprint will take utmost care to ensure safe and conscious delivery of the consignment to reach our customers. In the event of the courier or any third-party agent losing the consignment, Clictoprint will reprint and redispatch the consignment. However, Clictoprint cannot take responsibility on the contents of the lost package.

Clictoprint employs cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. Most internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of Clictoprint Service. We have to use cookies to enable you to select Products, place them in an online shopping cart, and to purchase those Products. If you do this, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase.

Business Transitions
If Clictoprint, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the event that Clictoprint goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, your personal information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Clictoprint and/or the Site may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.

Privacy policy changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Clictoprint may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Clictoprint’s sole discretion. Clictoprint encourages you to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this Site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

Reasons for returns:

Courier Returns:
The default return address is 42, KB Dasan Road, Teynampet, Chennai 600 018 for all courier returns that were not delivered to the buyer and were marked as ‘Returning to Origin’. When we receive the returned shipment, it will be updated in your merchant account and an update will be sent to you by email registered with us. Using a custom return address is not possible currently since not all the courier companies allow it.

Incorrect Address – If the address provided by you for delivery is found to be incorrect by the courier personnel, and if an address correction is requested, you will be charged Rs. 65 + GST for correcting the address after the shipment has started travelling.

Delivery not claimed – If the product is not delivered due to any reason and it eventually goes unclaimed upon subsequent attempts and is returned back to us, you will be liable for the cost of a re-delivery to yourself or your end customer. You will also be charged a reverse shipping fee which is equal to the forward shipping fee in such cases.

Returns Policy

Customer Returns
Product Quality issues:
In the case of issues related to misprinting or damaged or defective items sent to the customer, it must be communicated to Clictoprint within 2 days upon the delivery of the product. For items lost in shipment, claims, if any, must be communicated not later than 10 days after the estimated delivery date.

Broken / Damaged products received:
In the case of damaged products, like torn paper, dirtied paper, etc., all issues have to be raised within 2 days from the date of delivery of the product. In order to raise a replacement request, send us pictures of the damage along with the original packaging in which the product was received by the customer, showing the shipping label and the customer details on it clearly for verification.

Rejection by Customer:
Since the product is customized to customer requirement, any such return or rejection must be channeled through you. We do not refund for any modification in order for size or colour and hence such modifications are to be offered at your expense and discretion. A new order, at your expense, needs to be placed for an updated modification if you choose to accept or offer exchanges to your end customers.

Action on Returned Orders:
Orders that are returned due to incorrect addresses or rejected by customers are marked as ‘Returned to origin’ (RTO) under the Manage Returns page in the merchant panel once it is received by Clictoprint. Clictoprint would store the returns for a period of 30 days from the date of the order being marked as RTO and the merchant can choose to Reship the order to himself or any other address within this period of 30 days, after which we would donate the order to charity. The merchant will not be allowed to take any action on the returned orders after this period.

Cancellations
Cancellations by the customer – In case we receive a cancellation notice and the order has not been processed by us, we shall cancel the order immediately and refund the entire amount back as credits into your Clictoprint Account. If we have already printed and shipped the product, we will not be able to approve the cancellation request. In such cases, the product follows the normal lifecycle process.

Cancellation by Clictoprint
Under certain circumstances it might not be possible for us to accept an order and we may be compelled to cancel the same. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order for any reason at our sole discretion. Some situations that may result in your order being cancelled include limitations on quantities available for purchase, inaccuracies or errors in product or pricing information, or problems identified by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may also ask for additional verification or information before accepting any order. We will contact you if all or any portion of your order is cancelled or if additional information is required to accept your order. If your order is cancelled after you are charged, the said amount will be reversed back in your account in the next ledger closing cycle, which is run every 15 days.

Manner of Refund:
If the order is cancelled and refund is approved, for any reason the refund is awarded in the form of Bank Credit. Clictoprint will refund the said amount to the account details provided by the customer within the next 15 days. The customer agrees not to dispute the decision made by Clictoprint and accept Clictoprint’s decision regarding the cancellation.
